How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It made it absolutely clear as in which part of the code, the bug is present. It also helped me identify the difference between the contents of the versions.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Any bug or error inroduced at a later stage of development can be easily removed. Also, we can provide only the desired features to various users based upon stages of development.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manual saves allow users to identify a logical change and commit at that point. However, the choice of the commit varies as per different discretions.
    Automatic version saves facilitate periodic changes and can help navigate better, but they might also cluttering of version saves, hence creating readibility concerns.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Some version control systems allow saving multiple files in one commit to reflect a common change to all files in one go. The others might focus on assuring data independence and isolation properties.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log shows list of recent commits with information about them including their commit ID's. Git diff helps to compare two different commits using their commit ID's.
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control gives me the advantage to switch to a different version without the code that could break something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would want to try using git for making projects in collaboration in all fields I am aaccustomed to. I could make development projects etc.